mdc is therefore in the rhythm of competition and uefa cup duels that meet each other quickly
follow-up this european week is good with his six victory over volendam
Very sure that it was a must and that it is not always there
easy and the european west that recharge for the next
but i must say that the team did an excellent job mario leg
put well in his attackers a pick they made yesterday also emerged there
was not available for a long time due to injuries and mental problems
debut you also notice that he is not completely match fit yet, of course one
I haven't played any real matches all the time, but to be honest there
you the sharpness and and the condition
but he is now fully engaged in this, so we hope within a few weeks
have new ones that could possibly play for nine minutes
it was a long wait how close the neighborhood
because actually it is coming anyway
there was no playing with a normal game so I was very happy about that
to fall in
from how far I have come
rtv utrecht
also mentally known men
hopefully in the upper arm
yes and your teammates were already trying to give you a goal today
silent looking at you
the woman was sick the
of course they have become a good friend of mine a few times with stitches
to have a bit that your game rhythm misses it a bit
male choir okay but no worries in the uefa cup, nsc plays at home against the
spurs and how to do this and there is the away match of Wednesday against fir branch
moscow in between
a spicy pole
yes that is clear there were no easy stress
it's a matter of doing it well until ten minutes before time, otherwise you can
maybe take a good result back there
to one of the group
yes, normally no chance, but it has proved so
yes and now spartak moscow that is again a terribly difficult team one
good soccer team in a big stadium to make sure we have something
different
so then morgan go so we can look at it with open arms
but for the very difficult match stadium will certainly not be full so the
ambiance other too
but those moments were my team as we are to learn from and yes me
have complete faith in the team so we can win from everyone